hello youtube friends talk to them their
friend camps to tutorials on this occasion
I will teach you how to optimize your pc so
get better performance and power
play the fish 12 and open any
program without any problem
let's start first go to the start button and
they write ms config
and has opened they go to the general option and
then chulean the start option
selective then they go to the option
start and click options
advanced and put number of processors
the maximum amount that in my case is 2
then maximum amount of memory put
the maximum that in my case is 2048 and
chulean the option is pure and they give
accept then put waiting time 3
seconds and they give apply and accept and
restart your pc
then defragment on your hard drive to
make the fish 12 or any program
open faster as I do they go to
start button and click on the computer and
open they give you right click properties
then they go to tools and they give the
option to fragment and we hope already
done this we have optimized the start of
the programs now we will give you more
speed when executing them as I do
downloading two programs that I will leave
in the description of the video that are the
game booster and the adba dry and has
downloaded they install it and first we open
the albacete to optimize the pc
open they go to the option turbo boost them
will come out a picture like this and give the
work option after they give you next
next next after they chule the
option to turn turbo boost at the start of
windows and they give you finalize and ready
we will have our PC optimized then
we will accelerate and optimize our
games for that we will open the game
booster
the open we go to the settings option
then to des frank we'll do here
defragment our games so
play faster as we will
select the game they want
defragment already selected they give to
the option to defragment
after defragmenting we will give you more
performance to our pc we go to the
Same setting option but this time they go to the
icon of the little screen and there you get
optimize me does not come out because I already
I made and ready they will have their games and their pc
in higher performance comment and
subscribe is hahaha xd xd